<!--Version name: v4.0.13)-->
<!--Released at: 06/19/2020)-->
<!--Brief description: Preview build)-->

📅 _Release date: 06/19/2020_

### 📰 Release notes

#### 🆕 News
The settings page got a whole new look, the typography and iconography there was updated. Now you will have the list of pages like Options and Personalization on the side. There's also a few chagens to colors and buttons sizes.

The strings from the settings page was also updated with a more clear description and several typos, thanks for your feedback on this. If you see something wrong on settings page, let me know.

[dev] There was also a dependencies update to the app.

#### 🕷 Fixes
* Fixed issue where you couldn't open apparence options in the settings.
* When opening a page from settings (like options or personalization) you would not be able to go back to the main list. 

#### ⚠ Know issues
* Some samples and logic from the "new file" pane would not work. A total revamp of this feature is on the way.
* Sometimes your feedbacks would not arrive to me when submitting from the about page, and I have no idea why. This sucks.
* When setting the app display language to Portuguese a lot of text will be missing from your experience. I won't recommend it right now.
* Clicking on clean recent lists or on restore default settings won't show any feedback to the user.
* Several typos around the app, _this update fixed a lot on the settings page_.

### About the preview

If you want to download this preview, do it from the [Microsoft Store](https://www.microsoft.com/pt-br/p/formula-editor-preview/9nhqnf9hwsm0), you can send feedback to any communciation channel or join the [telegram group](https://t.me/formulabeta)!